1. Consider a directed graph with distinct and nonnegative edge lengths and a source vertex s.  
Fix a destination vertex t, and assume that the graph contains at least one s-t path.  
Which of the following statements are true?  [Check all that apply.]

- The shortest (i.e., minimum-length) s-t path might have as many as n−1 edges, where n is the number of vertices.
- There is a shortest s-t path with no repeated vertices (i.e., a "simple" or "loopless" such path).

2. Consider a directed graph G with a source vertex s, a destination t, and nonnegative edge lengths.  
Under what conditions is the shortest s-t path guaranteed to be unique (1)? 

- When all edge lengths are distinct powers of 2.


3. Consider a directed graph G = (V,E) and a source vertex ss with the following properties: 
edges that leave the source vertex s have arbitrary (possibly negative) lengths; 
all other edge lengths are nonnegative; 
and there are no edges from any other vertex to the source s. 

Does Dijkstra's shortest-path algorithm correctly compute shortest-path distances (from s) in this graph? (1)

- Always

4. Consider a directed graph G and a source vertex s.  Suppose G has some negative edge lengths but no negative cycles, 
meaning G does not have a directed cycle in which the sum of the edge lengths is negative.  
Suppose you run Dijkstra's algorithm on G (with source s).  Which of the following statements are true? [Check all that apply.]

- Dijkstra's algorithm always terminates, but in some cases the paths it computes will not be the shortest paths from ss to all other vertices.
- Dijkstra's algorithm always terminates, and in some cases the paths it computes will be the correct shortest paths from ss to all other vertices.


5. Consider a directed graph G and a source vertex s. Suppose G contains a negative cycle 
(a directed cycle in which the sum of the edge lengths is negative) and also a path from s to this cycle.  
Suppose you run Dijkstra's algorithm on G (with source s). 
Which of the following statements are true? [Check all that apply.]


- Dijkstra's algorithm always terminates, but in some cases the paths it computes will not be the shortest paths from s to all other vertices.